Prototype 1:
Final build on Sunday afternoon. 
Submitt Monday morning. 

Tori = designer
Alexi = programmer
Talitha = art
Lucky = sound 
Wednesday = project man

Thursday:

Tori: Finish different shooting design and enemy effects design (so the player shooting either rock, paper or 
scissors and what happens to the enemies if each one hits them. finish the design of that today). Also 
indicate to Alexi how you want the player to see the next bullet (r,p,s) that they are going to have.  

Alexi: Finish enemies spawning from different locations and attacking (coming towards player), three 
different types of enemies should spawn.

Talitha: Finish all player art and bullets (rock, paper, scissors the player shoots)

Lucky: Get sound for player getting hurt, player shooting. since the player is going to shoot either rock,
paper or scissors maybe get different sounds for when each is shot. 

Friday:

Tori: How game play goes (beats). pacing ect. Look at spawning and attacking Alexi implemented the day before.

Alexi: Finish the different bullets a player can shoot (rock,paper,scissors) and how the next bullet is 
        indicated to the player. Apply the specific effects to the enemies that Tori designed the day before.
       Player shoots different bullets that generate randomly and the next bullet to load is shown. 

Talitha: enemies and different effects and explosion art for the enemies.  finish the 
         animation drawings for these.

Lucky:  sound of the game. (look at the art of the game and make music fit that)

Saturday: (Tori, Lucky and Alexi meeting up)

Tori:  user control design. Test game feel, pacing and design. 


Alexi: applying beats of game/pacing to enemies ect. 

Talitha: Applying all animations into the game. 

Lucky: Implementing all sound into the game

Sunday: (Tori, Lucky, Talitha and Alexi meeting up)
*menu + instructions : tori

Tori: animation and sound design check.

Alexi: changing user control design if necessary. Life bar. 

Talitha:  applying final animations(particle effects).

Lucky: applying final sound

Sunday afternoon = final build. 




